hi I'm Karen for expert village we
actually want to cut out just inside
that box so I'm going to fold my fabric
in half and you can use a pin to see if
you've matched which i haven't match the
corners with a pin like that and then
get another pin I've gotten in in the
corner and I want to come out on the
other corner so I'll move it over just
to spec there so that matches now we're
going to cut just inside our white line
I'll flip it over
oops trim that out okay and remove the
pins and just take a look at if there's
enough space there put your picture
behind it and that looks good okay now
for the plastic to protect the photo
when we just when we put our picture in
there you can use any kind of odd
plastic that you find this is a card
file divider you can also use the
plastic from paper page protector
they'll both work fine so to make the
pocket we want it bigger than the
picture so you can hold the picture like
that and trim the plastic to be bigger
than the picture and then you want a
piece of fabric cut the same size so you
can hold your plastic like that and cut
a piece of scrap fabric it doesn't have
to be perfect or neat just cut it like
that next we're going to sew the plastic
pocket on